LovePriority ReadMe

Description: This app is to well organize the assignments for all your school courses based on priority.

Functionality: 

Validation is included in checking presence of title for Courses and Tasks, and checking password length and email format for User.

Scope is used in arranging courses based on difficulty, and ordering is used in arranging assignments based on priority.

Javascript/Jquery function is mainly used in Task part, first when tasks are more than five there will be a "minimizing button" which could hide the tasks other than the first five. Second clicking on each table row it will expand out the task description. Third, when hover on the complete button, Jquery will change the circle into a tick and vice versa. 

Gem devise is used for registeration and logging in/out. http://rubygems.org/gems/devise

Heroku Addon SendGrid is used for sending out reminding email to user when one creates a top-priority task, easily searched as "top priority" later in email box. https://addons.heroku.com/sendgrid

Heroku Deployment: http://lovepriority.herokuapp.com/

Thanks for reading!


CIS196 Course Log

========= Homework Ten ========

heroku: http://lingbinc196.herokuapp.com/

11.13-11.19: Add jquery toggle funtion to Tasklists, which originally shows the top three tasks and after clicking the show button it will show the rest of tasks.

Met a javascript problem and solved by resetting the assets.

Testing account: tester@seas.upenn.edu, passwork: 12345678

========= Homework Nine =======

heroku: http://lingbinc196.herokuapp.com/

11.06-11.12(my birthday!): Change difficulty field to a selction list for "new" and "edit" page of Course. Add scopes to arrange courses in different difficulties.


========= Homework Eight ======

heroku: http://lingbinc196.herokuapp.com/

10.31-11.05: Add Sendgrid heroku addon to the app, works nicely.
             Met javascript problem after running "rake assets:precompile" last time, the dropdown menu did not work. Change the line in config/environments/development.rb config.assets.debug=false to true. Then the javascript works fine. 

========= Homework Seven ======

heroku: http://lingbinc196.herokuapp.com/

10.16-10:30: Add gem devise to the app, modify the adding user function for tasklist

========= Homework Six ========

heroku: http://lingbinc196.herokuapp.com/

10.8-10.15: Add validation for both three tables with each error message shown under each text input.

Also made CSS decorations for tables and creating page.

========= Homework Five =======

The heroku deploying with new appname: http://lingbinc196.herokuapp.com/

10.1-10.8: Add show, edit, delete functions to User, Course and Tasklist; create tasklist with attributes title, course and user, with course and user related to the other two tables.

========= Homework Four =======

The heroku deploying with new appname: http://lingbinc196.herokuapp.com/

9.24-10.1: Create two tables, Users and Courses, and the corresponding add items.

========= Homework Two ========

The heroku deploying is up-to-date: http://evening-ravine-9727.herokuapp.com/

9.10-9.17: add a link to my github, a form including textbox, submit button and radio buttons, and an image, to my index page

========= Homework One ========

The heroku deploying: http://evening-ravine-9727.herokuapp.com/

9.3-9.10: Set up the new app repository. Deploy the app to heroku. Change the index page into my Name.
